New section on combining variables added (#1383)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_variables.rst

Combining variables
===================

To merge variables that contain lists or dictionaries, you can use the following approaches.

> You can use the `set_fact` module to combine lists into a new `merged_list` variable as follows:

Reviewer: Maybe we should add sub-headings to organize these sections. "Combining list variables", "Combining dictionary variables", "Using the merge_variables lookup".

.. code-block:: yaml

    vars:
      list1:
      - apple
      - banana
      - fig

      list2:
      - peach
      - plum
      - pear
    
    tasks:
    - name: Combine list1 and list2 into a merged_list var
      ansible.builtin.set_fact:
        merged_list: "{{ list1 + list2 }}"

To merge dictionaries use the ``combine`` filter, for example:

.. code-block:: yaml

    vars:
      dict1:
        name: Leeroy Jenkins
        age: 25
        occupation: Astronaut

      dict2:
        location: Galway
        country: Ireland
        postcode: H71 1234

    tasks:
    - name: Combine dict1 and dict2 into a merged_dict var
      ansible.builtin.set_fact:
        merged_dict: "{{ dict1 | ansible.builtin.combine(dict2) }}"

For more details, see :ansplugin:`ansible.builtin.combine#filter` .

> 

Reviewer: Suggest removing an extra empty line here.

Instead of worrying about variable precedence, we encourage you to think about how easily or how often you want to override a variable when deciding where to set it. If you are not sure what other variables are defined, and you need a particular value, use ``--extra-vars`` (``-e``) to override all other variables.

Combining variables
===================

> If you need to combine variables from different groups or hosts you can use the following approaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To merge variables that contain lists or dictionaries, you can use the following approaches.
```

> To merge lists, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `set_fact` module to combine lists into a new `merged_list` variable as follows:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

>     merged_list: '{{ list1 + list2 }}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    vars:
      list1:
      - apple
      - banana
      - fig

      list2:
      - peach
      - plum
      - pear
    
    tasks:
    - name: Combine list1 and list2 into a merged_list var
      ansible.builtin.set_fact:
        merged_list: "{{ list1 + list2 }}"
```

> To merge dictionaries use ``combine`` filter. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To merge dictionaries use the ``combine`` filter, for example:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

>     merged_dict: "{{ dict1 | ansible.builtin.combine(dict2) }}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    vars:
      dict1:
        name: Leeroy Jenkins
        age: 25
        occupation: Astronaut

      dict2:
        location: Galway
        country: Ireland
        postcode: H71 1234

    tasks:
    - name: Combine dict1 and dict2 into a merged_dict var
      ansible.builtin.set_fact:
        merged_dict: "{{ dict1 | ansible.builtin.combine(dict2) }}"
```

For more details, see :ansplugin:`ansible.builtin.combine#filter` .

> To merge variables that match the given prefixes, suffixes, or regular expressions use ``merge_variables`` lookup. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To merge variables that match the given prefixes, suffixes, or regular expressions, you can use the ``community.general.merge_variables`` lookup, for example:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    merged_variable: "{{ lookup('community.general.merge_variables', '__my_pattern', pattern_type='suffix') }}"

> For more details, see `merge_variables lookup` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details and example usage, refer to the `community.general.merge_variables lookup documentation <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections/community/general/merge_variables_lookup.html>`_.
```
